README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋

<!--
**daydaygo/daydaygo** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on [Hyperf](https://github.com/hyperf)
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

<img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/44228082?s=200&v=4" align="right" height="150">

🎉 Welcome to my GitHub profile!

I'm daydaygo - a Senior Architect / Tech Manager, and Open source contributor.

I'm working for [Hyperf](https://github.com/hyperf).

<!--
Hyperf is the best framework for me.
对我来说 Hyperf 框架是最好的框架，不接受任何反驳。
-->

<details>
<summary>About Open Source </summary>

## My main projects:

- [Hyperf](https://github.com/hyperf/hyperf) - 🚀 A coroutine framework that focuses on hyperspeed and flexibility, specifically used for build microservices or middlewares.
- [Hyperf Docker](https://github.com/hyperf/hyperf-docker) - 🐳 The docker image offered by Hyperf.

[Get More ...](https://github.com/daydaygo)

</details>

Commit message:

docs: update README with personal info and skill badges
- Add project title and skill badges section
- Update current learning and collaboration interests
- Include personal background and blog link

README.md, after:

# daydaygo

[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=aiscript,anaconda,aws,bun,django,docker,fastapi,firebase,github,go,php,py,ai,mysql,nginx,js,nodejs,html,css,ubuntu,vscode,wasm)](https://skillicons.dev)

### Hi there 👋

<!--
**daydaygo/daydaygo** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on [Hyperf](https://github.com/hyperf)
- 🌱 I’m currently learning AI engineering
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on AI application development framework
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

<img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/44228082?s=200&v=4" align="right" height="150">

🎉 Welcome to my GitHub profile!

I'm daydaygo - a Senior Architect / Tech Manager, and Open source contributor.

I grow by sharing what I learn! I grew up in China and am currently working in China Shanghai.


- 🔭 I’m currently working on [Hyperf](https://github.com/hyperf)
- 🌱 I’m currently learning AI engineering
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on AI application development framework
- 🎨 blog: https://www.jianshu.com/u/281dc8d93b25

<!--
Hyperf is the best framework for me.
对我来说 Hyperf 框架是最好的框架，不接受任何反驳。
-->

<details>
<summary>About Open Source </summary>

## My main projects:

- [Hyperf](https://github.com/hyperf/hyperf) - 🚀 A coroutine framework that focuses on hyperspeed and flexibility, specifically used for build microservices or middlewares.
- [Hyperf Docker](https://github.com/hyperf/hyperf-docker) - 🐳 The docker image offered by Hyperf.

[Get More ...](https://github.com/daydaygo)

</details>
